So next let's review that tax time that we have right here.
And of course I'm another expert in taxes.
I recommend that you check their taxes with a professional in taxes.
So for example we have the tax options and you can see that we have two options.
If you're going to enter price inclusive of tax or exclusive of tax so you can stay right here and when
you saw these questions mounted you can overheat and you can give them information about these.
Then for example we have the calculate dates based on the customer should now.
Maybe you have your store in California and the client is from New York and you have to pay different
taxes.
So this is the way that you can collect those taxes.
And the idea is that really not this sort of shipping knowledge is then you can carry that class for
the shipping tax classes so you can you can charge taxes in the shipping and then you kept some of that
option.
So I think that the full stroke a grace you.
So there you have this done that a rate for example right here that you can create a lot of different
taxes.
For example you have local taxes and you have state taxes and then you have federal federal taxes you
can create all of them right here so you can create a table of taxes and they are going to be added
automatically into your probe's.
You can read those grades which were really really similar.
And we also have this zero rate grades.
I recommend that you check with a professional in taxes maybe you are rogues that you one maybe the
pros that you went to said no income to pay taxes or maybe you are not charging in taxes and that's
mandatory.
So in order to avoid having problems with the law I recommend that you check out these with a professional
in taxes.